Edit pass on Azure SDK authN docs (#41972)
dotnet/docs: docs/azure/sdk/authentication/index.md

## Recommended app authentication approach

It's recommended that apps use token-based authentication rather than connection strings when authenticating to Azure resources. The [Azure Identity library](/dotnet/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-dotnet&preserve-view=true) provides classes that support token-based authentication and allow apps to seamlessly authenticate to Azure resources whether the app is in local development, deployed to Azure, or deployed to an on-premises server.

The specific type of token-based authentication an app should use to authenticate to Azure resources depends on where the app runs and is shown in the following diagram:

:::image type="content" source="../media/dotnet-sdk-auth-strategy.png" alt-text="A diagram showing the recommended token-based authentication strategies for an app depending on where it's running." :::

> - **When a developer is running an app during local development**, the app can authenticate to Azure using either an application service principal for local development or by using the developer's Azure credentials. Each option is discussed in more detail at [authentication during local development](#authentication-during-local-development).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **When an app is running locally during development**, the app can authenticate to Azure using either an application service principal for local development or by using the developer's Azure credentials. Each option is discussed in more detail at [authentication during local development](#authentication-during-local-development).
```

Consistency with the other list items.

| Managed Identity              | If the app is deployed to an Azure host with Managed Identity enabled, `DefaultAzureCredential` will authenticate the app to Azure using that Managed Identity. Authentication using a Managed Identity is discussed in the [Authentication in server environments](#authentication-in-server-environments) section of this document.<br><br>This method is only available when the app is hosted in Azure using a service like Azure App Service, Azure Functions, or Azure Virtual Machines. |
| Visual Studio            | If the developer has authenticated to Azure by logging into Visual Studio, `DefaultAzureCredential` will authenticate the app to Azure using that same account. |
| Azure CLI                     | If a developer has authenticated to Azure using Azure CLI's `az login` command, `DefaultAzureCredential` will authenticate the app to Azure using that same account. |
| Azure PowerShell              | If a developer has authenticated to Azure using Azure PowerShell's `Connect-AzAccount` cmdlet, `DefaultAzureCredential` will authenticate the app to Azure using that same account.            |

> | Azure Developer CLI           | If the developer has authenticated to Azure using Azure Developer CLI's `azd auth login` command, `DefaultAzureCredential` will authenticate with that account. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Azure Developer CLI           | If a developer has authenticated to Azure using Azure Developer CLI's `azd auth login` command, `DefaultAzureCredential` will authenticate with that account. |
```

Consistency with the other items
